after 35 years is true
for example
such a policy
Kharkov
among the roles
if it happens
agree with him
will argue
caught another hour of the day
however Chinese markets
communicating with pennies
in the financial market
not expected here
to attack but speech
this is not true
Russia agreed
Here and now
and beer and this is me
Yes it is
September 29
it really is
only 2 59
say a spring time
what's the provision
third year
I'm two days
last five years
baku apa
square
offer
then option
because
although 5 3c
five
for this
I knew when it expired
land lease
in new tax
not at all
as unnecessary
not on
so was the main minute
unexpectedly illegally sent to
regional level and replace it
the holiday was very bright
evidence
old rake
I know what pleased
it does not manifest
s.a
otherwise
that was thick
I was delivered in terms of
nobody and nothing
still worth the sunny read
today is 1 gb
in future
I and 5 I guess
earlier lamb
how do you think you are
Natalia Barinova
cause over 9 9 5 million
so said
Moscow 2 oct
35 year period